new content from: John15321 (#49)
flatcar/socials: published/48-John15321.md

Flatcar is unaffected by Copy Fail (CVE-2026-31431)!

### Content

> The vulnerable kernel option CONFIG_CRYPTO_USER_API_AEAD was never enabled \u2014 because Flatcar is minimal by design and only ships what containers need.\n\nSometimes the best mitigation is not shipping the vulnerable component.

Reviewer: What is `\u2014`?

Reviewer 2: The infamous em dash. :grin:

Reviewer 3: Its counted as one character so it shouldnt make a difference

> The vulnerable kernel option CONFIG_CRYPTO_USER_API_AEAD was never enabled \u2014 because Flatcar is minimal by design and only ships what containers need.\n\nSometimes the best mitigation is not shipping the vulnerable component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The vulnerable kernel option CONFIG_CRYPTO_USER_API_AEAD was never enabled \u2014 because Flatcar is minimal by design and only ships what containers need.\n\nSometimes the best mitigation is to reduce attack surface by not shipping the vulnerable components.
```

Reviewer 4: We have a character limit, so I think we might need to keep the post as before. Can we remove \n\n?

Reviewer 3: Correct, but we maybe could do this?:

```
Flatcar is unaffected by Copy Fail (CVE-2026-31431)!

The kernel option causing Copy Fail was never enabled — because Flatcar is minimal by design and only ships what containers need

Sometimes the best mitigation is not to reduce attack surface by shipping vulnerable components
```

<img width="1013" height="759" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d8a54601-ca8c-43be-b24b-71259a67688b" />

Reviewer 3: > We have a character limit, so I think we might need to keep the post as before. Can we remove \n\n?

We cannot, this PR check takes a look at all of the characters, and "\n" just means new line - which is technically a character
